Docs for v0.5.0 (#24)
stackrlabs/docs: docs/pages/build/framework/state-machine/introduction.mdx

  stateClass: CounterState,
  initialState: genesisState.state,
  on: transitions,

>   hooks: hooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  hooks
```

});
```

- `id`: A unique identifier for the state machine.
- `stateClass`: A class that defines the states of the state machine.
- `initialState`: The initial state of the state machine.
- `on`: A set of transition rules that define how the state machine transitions between states.

> - `hooks (optional)`: Block hooks that are executed before and after execution of each block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hooks (optional)`: A set of hooks functions that runs before or after (based on configuration) execution of all actions of block.
```
